feat-req: Add optional gzip flag (#15)
google-github-actions/upload-cloud-storage: README.md

  In the above example, the file will be uploaded to gs://bucket-name/prefix/file

> - `gzip`: (Not Required) Whether the content encoding of the uploaded file should be gzipped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gzip`: (Optional) Upload file(s) with gzip content encoding, defaults to true. 
```
